docs: correct custom-column-types backfill behavior for DDL changes (#3036)
estuary/flow: site/docs/guides/advanced-usage/custom-column-types.md

## Troubleshooting

### Changing DDL on an existing column

Custom `DDL` is applied **only when the column is created**—on initial table creation or when the table is dropped and recreated. It is never used to `ALTER` a column that already exists.

This matters when you add or change a `DDL` override on a binding whose destination table already exists. [Backfilling the binding](/reference/backfilling-data/#materialization-backfill) does **not** necessarily apply the new type. When the existing columns are still type-compatible with the collection, the backfill runs `TRUNCATE TABLE`, which clears the rows but keeps the existing schema. Because the field's underlying type is unchanged—for example, narrowing `LONGTEXT` to `VARCHAR(255)` or changing numeric precision—the backfill detects no incompatible change and stays on the truncate path, so the new column type is not applied. Any `additional_table_create_sql` (such as an index) does not re-run either, since it only executes when the table is created.

To apply the new DDL, force the table to be dropped and recreated:

> 1. **Use the `always_drop_tables_on_backfill` feature flag (recommended).** Add [`always_drop_tables_on_backfill`](./feature-flags.md#always_drop_tables_on_backfill) to the materialization's `advanced.feature_flags`, keep your `DDL` override, then [backfill the binding](/reference/backfilling-data/#materialization-backfill). The connector drops the table, recreates it with the new column type (running any `additional_table_create_sql`), and repopulates the data. Remove the flag afterward to restore the faster truncate behavior; the custom column type and any indexes survive later truncates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Use the `always_drop_tables_on_backfill` feature flag (recommended).**
   1. Add [`always_drop_tables_on_backfill`](./feature-flags.md#always_drop_tables_on_backfill) to the materialization's `advanced.feature_flags`
   2. Keep your `DDL` override
   3. [Backfill the binding](/reference/backfilling-data/#materialization-backfill)

   The connector drops the table, recreates it with the new column type (running any `additional_table_create_sql`), and repopulates the data. Remove the flag afterward to restore the faster truncate behavior; the custom column type and any indexes survive later truncates.
```

This block of text starts to look a little confusing to the eye with multiple formats and steps all together (once you hit several steps for the user to follow, it's usually best practice to break it off into a list for better scanning). Breaking it up like this might look a bit better?

Author: Absolutely
